"Hi!"

Ralsei was standing there on the doorstep. You had invited him to come over.

"Well hi there Ralsei, come on in."

You gesture to let Ralsei inside, and close the door after him.

Ralsei takes off his shoes, and you turn your back to Ralsei to hide the massive blush you have on your face from meeting Ralsei. You have quite the crush on Ralsei.

"Hmm, so what are we gonna do...", Ralsei asks, "...are we gonna do a date?"

You are taken aback, it is going way too quick. You can only muster out an "Uhh..."

Ralsei giggles. "Hehe, I was just joking..."

You are sweaty. Very sweaty. You can feel your cheeks burning and a tingling sensation in your entire body. "Ha..."

Ralsei asks again, "Well, so what should we do?"

You try to control my tongue, but it's very hard. You accidentally say "Wanna smash?"

Ralsei perks up and smirks for a split second, as if he understood what it meant, then switches to an innocent smile. "Oh, like, Melee?"

You calm down slightly. "Y-yes, Melee... I'll just need to wire some controllers up." You swiftly walk into your room to grab whatever controllers you have at hand, and go onto the internet to download an ISO for Melee. Gotta be quick...

"I'd love to play some Melee with you..." Ralsei says, from the other end of the hall.

You hurry and set everything up. "Yes, it'd be so lovely!" You peek out from the door opening of your room and gesture to Ralsei to come in.

Ralsei looks around in your room. "Ooh, your room is cute..."

"Hmm, thanks..." you reply, flustered. "Anyways, I was setting up Melee."

You grab the USB, the controllers, and walk into the living room. Ralsei shyily follows behind you. You go to plug in the controllers and the USB stick into your Wii, power it on and launch Nintendon't. Ralsei sits down on the sofa and you sit down as well, right next to him.

"Oh, you wanna sit close...?" Ralsei says.

You become flustered. "Well, if you don't mind..."

Ralsei giggles. "It's ok...", he says, and rests his head on your shoulder.


